Add detail to project progression checklist (#1085)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: PROJECT_PROGRESSION.md

- [ ] Add Project to the [CPC repo's README.md](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/HEAD/README.md#incubating-projects) as an Incubating project
- [ ] List trademarks the project commits to transfer to the OpenJS Foundation following graduation
- [ ] If project is using crowdfunding platforms, add disclaimer from the OpenJS Foundation [Trademark Policy](https://trademark-policy.openjsf.org) to platforms

> - [ ] Identify individuals from the project to join the CPC by opening an Issue in the CPC repository which identifies the individuals and the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Identify individuals from the project to join the CPC [by opening an issue in the CPC repository](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/new)
```
